Various improvements to the vision and how to contribute (#33)
wptide/docs: docs/index.md

> A rising tide lifts all boats. -- United States President, John F. Kennedy (borrowed from the New England Council)

> Inspired by the proverb _“A rising tide lifts all boats”_, we want to lift the quality of code across the whole WordPress ecosystem. Tide’s vision is to run automated quality testing for all WordPress plugins and themes and make those test results visible for both the authors and to end users of those plugins and themes. This will help improve the quality of code throughout the WordPress ecosystem and help WordPress site owners make better choices about plugins and themes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inspired by the proverb _“A rising tide lifts all boats”_, we want to lift the quality of code across the whole WordPress ecosystem. Tide’s vision is to run automated quality testing for all WordPress plugins and themes and make those test results visible for both the authors and the end users of those plugins and themes. This will help improve the quality of code throughout the WordPress ecosystem and help WordPress site owners make better choices about plugins and themes.
```

> ## Status summer 2019

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Current Status
```

> The project is an official part of the WordPress project, but still in the early stages. Currently there is in place a system that scans all WordPress plugins and themes and an API that provides the scan results as JSON output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Tide project is an official part of the WordPress project and still in the early stages. Today, Tide scans all WordPress plugins and themes and provides scan results as JSON through the Tide API.
```

> Next steps is to start using the JSON output in the WordPress plugin repository to show PHP compatibility information. This will help drive the adoption of newest PHP versions as both plugin authors and WordPress site owners instaling plugins will be more aware of PHP compatibility of each plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next step is to start using the JSON output in the WordPress plugin repository to show PHP compatibility information. This will help drive the adoption of newest PHP versions as both plugin authors and WordPress site owners installing plugins will be more aware of the PHP compatibility of each plugin.
```

> The progress of this can be followed in the WordPress meta issue tracker at https://meta.trac.wordpress.org/ticket/4309

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Progress can be followed in the WordPress meta issue tracker at https://meta.trac.wordpress.org/ticket/4309
```

## Contributing

> There are many ways to contribute to WP Tide. You can help us champion the adoption of the quality testing results in the WordPress project. You can also help by contributing code or documentation to the WP Tide systems itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many ways to contribute to Tide. You can help us champion the adoption of the quality testing results in the WordPress project. You can also help by contributing code or documentation to Tide itself.
```

## Contact Us

> Have questions? Don't open an Issue, come join us in the [`#tide` channel](https://wordpress.slack.com/messages/C7TK8FBUJ/) in [WordPress Slack](https://make.wordpress.org/chat/). Even though Slack is a chat service, sometimes it takes several hours for community members to respond — please be patient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Have questions? Join us in the [`#tide` channel](https://wordpress.slack.com/messages/C7TK8FBUJ/) in [WordPress Slack](https://make.wordpress.org/chat/). If you're new to Slack, keep it mind that it sometimes takes several hours for community members to respond — thank you for being patient!
```
